What is being said now is about
messages in which Dr. Edwin
would be arranging movements to
become a common-law couple with Daniel. I
want to separate myself from Madrid for
my partner's friends. I want to make my life
with Dani. Send me the budget for a
common-law couple. What I want to
imply here is that Edwin was
referring to Daniel as a couple, no, but
once again with this, what do they
want us to think? Is that even if they
were going to be a common-law couple, although
they had a romantic relationship, what
changes a crime. Passionate, a crime. The
press, what they achieve is
unconsciously, the public pressure from
hearing it so much is that in the end,
Daniel Sancho doesn't seem so bad. Well, listen, we
have to understand the family, because that's why they
did this and I keep thinking about
Edwin, who has been relegated to the
background, we have forgotten and it seems that
here we are focusing on this boy now,
how is he eating? They have cut his
hair, how are his first days? There is the
poor guy, they are going to do everything to him in
jail. In the end, you end up saying, poor
boys, without meaning to, you know and no